to inspire the people next to you I
think that's what greatness is or should
be it's not something that lives and
dies with one person it's how can you
inspire a person to then in turn Inspire
another person and then inspires another
person and that's how you create
something that I think lasts forever 66
212 lb from more Marian High School he
has given us some great memories over
the years how about a big round of
applause for right now on the floor
number 24 the black
Kobe
Bri my father just gave me a hug and
said listen whether you score zero or
score 60 I'm going to love you no matter
what now that is the most important
thing that you can say to a child
because from there I was like okay I
gives me all the confidence in the world
to fail there's a quote from one of my
English teachers at La Maran named Mr
Fisk rest at the end not in the middle
and that's something I always live by
when you're in this culture in our
society you can do some phenomenal
things individually but they'll never
reach their full potential unless you do
them collectively the spirit of your
team must be good because at that moment
is when teams fracture if the energy
amongst each other isn't there that
trust isn't there you're done nothing in
this world moves without story and if
we're going to try to make the world a
better
place story is a right place what brings
you the most Joy right now being with my
family what does love feel like I think
I describe it as a beautiful Journey you
know it has its ups and Downs things are
never perfect but through love you
continue to persevere and then through
that storm beautiful sun
emerges I'm so excited for you to watch
and experience one of Kobe Bryant's last
interviews for me it was so inspiring to
connect with him and hear about his
stories about love life basketball
relationships and what it means to leave
a legacy and his definition of greatness
also we have 5 minutes of exclusive
bonus footage that has never been
released that I'm going to share with
you at the end of this interview and
also share with you my whole experience
of meeting Kobe and the lessons I
learned I'm so excited for you to watch
this interview and to see the bonus
content at the end it's content that we
found recently that we are now releasing
with this interview again stay tuned to
the end and I hope you enjoy one of the
great interviews of Kobe Bryant welcome
everyone to the school of greatness
podcast we have the incredible legendary
Kobe Bryant my man it's good to meet you
pleasure man um congrats on everything
you're an icon a legend and the thing I
love the most about you is that you
really care about other human beings
yeah your heart is so big even though
you've been known for this Focus
mentality that is just almost psycho in
some ways but you care deeply about
human beings and I think that's why so
many people love you as well so I want
to acknowledge you for your kindness and
your generosity towards Humanity um my
first question for you is I'm curious
about who was your greatest teacher
growing up because you had an an
interesting childhood being in Italy for
a while coming back to Philadelphia I
think it was who was the greatest
teacher for you in those early days it
was funny I had a lot of them my parents
were were great you know growing up you
know they instilled in me the importance
of imagination of
curiosity and understanding that okay if
you want to accomplish something I'm not
just going to sit here and say yes you
can do whatever you want yes you can but
you have to also put in the work to get
there right so they taught me that at a
really early age man and uh when you
grow up as a kid thinking that the world
is your oyster all things are possible
if you put in the work to do it you know
you grow up having that fundamental
belief yeah who was more influential for
you your father or mother it both were
influential at different points yeah
right my uh my mom was there on a daily
basis uh my father uh was really
influential at a really critical time
where I I had a summer where I played
basketball when I was like 10 or 11
years old and a very prominent summer
league in Philadelphia called The Sunny
Hill League where my father played my
uncle played and they were like alltime
great all stuff and both Chamberlain
played in the league you know early prom
role playing the league and here I come
playing and I don't score one point
the entire summer really not one how old
were you 11 101 and you're playing
against other 10 11 year olds or and you
didn't score once not one were you in
the game I was in the game how did you
not score cuz I was terrible really yeah
that 10 11 years old you were that awful
I mean I you know and I had these big
knee pads on cuz I was growing really
fast I have socks all the way up here
and I had like the P top like skinny as
hell and I scored not a free throw not a
nothing not a lucky shot not a breakaway
layup zero points and I remember crying
about it and being upset about it and my
father just gave me a hug and said
listen whether you score Zer score 60
I'm going to love you no matter what wow
now that is the most important thing
that you can say to a child because from
there I was like okay that gives me all
the confidence in the world to fail I
have the security there but the hell
with that I'm scoring 60 let's go right
right and from there I just went to work
and I just I stayed with it I kept
practicing kep practicing kid practice
is that when you think the mentality of
hard work started to come in for you at
that age when you failed so miserably I
guess that summer I think that's when
the idea of understanding a long-term
view became important because I wasn't
going to catch these kids in a week I
wasn't going to catch him in a year
right so that's when I sat down and said
okay this is going to take some thought
right what do I want to work on first
all right shooting all right let's knock
this out let's focus on this half a year
6 months do nothing but shoot right
after that all right creating your own
shot then you focus so you start I
started creating a menu of things when I
came back the next summer I was a little
bit better right menu mean like I've got
my jump shot from 15 I've got my I got
my jump shot from 15 I got my
three-point shot like just open shots
not miss open shots right be able to
shoot it with speed cuz those kids are
so much more athletic and then the next
summer I came back it was a little
better and the summer came back next sum
I was a little better I scored you know
it wasn't much but I scored this is 12
13 12 13 then 14 came came around back
half at 13 14 uh years old and then I
was just killing everyone and it
happened in 2 years and I wasn't
expected happen in two years but it did
because what I had to do was work on the
basics and the
fundamentals well they relied on
athleticism and their natural ability
and because I stick to the fundamentals
it just caught up to them and then my
body you know my knees stopped hurting I
grew into my frame and and that in your
athleticism once you have the
fundamentals exactly the hard work work
the mindset and you tack on the it's
game over then it was Game Over wow so
from 13 you're good average still I I
was good I was good then about about
like the end of my thir like right when
I was turning 14 I became best player in
the state at 14 at 14 so from 12 to 14
you went from scoring zero to being the
best in the state of all ages yep but
it's it's simple like if you do the math
on this right like if you if you're
thinking about how often kids are
playing mhm right I tell to my to my
daughter and my daughter's team as well
that I coach it's a simple thing of math
if you want to be a great player if you
play every single day two three hours
every single day over course of a year
how much better are you getting most
kids will play maybe you know an hour
and a half two days a
week right math on that it's not going
it's not going to get it done it's not
going to get it done right so if you're
obsessive obsessive obsessively training
2 three hours every single day over a
year year over two years they accelerate
you make Quantum leaps man just doing a
summer camp for two weeks you you see a
difference I remember playing B you get
a lot better and you come back more
confident playing on the playground with
guys who used to beat you yeah and I and
like I I tell the parents with my team I
said it's it's when I say your kids are
going to become great basketball players
they like really like yeah it's not
there's no math that's it show up every
single day show up every single day do
the work but you have this Mamba
mentality your book's coming out soon
and how did you develop this there's a
there's a beautiful story that I love
from Jay Williams I don't know if you
remember jayon Williams where he did an
interview a while back and he talked
about how when he played you I think the
first time or one of the first times he
played against you he was he was like
I'm going to show up so early to the
court to warm up and practice like
before anyone and he shows up at the
court I don't know if it was in LA or
where it was and you were the only one
there already shooting free throws
already doing your fundamentals he goes
I'm going to stay here until Kobe leaves
and then he was like gosh an hour and a
half 2 hours later I got to go I'm tired
and Kobe's still shooting free throws
scorn like just going over the
fundamentals he goes and then we played
that game and you were lights out and he
came up to you afterwards and said like
dude why were you in there for so long
and how' you do it and he said this is
what he said you said said I knew you
were watching and I wanted to show you I
was willing to outwork you right
something along those lines yeah yeah I
don't know if you remember this I
remember you remember yeah and I thought
that was so powerful that you have this
mindset but how did you devel that I I
don't know if that's what you call the
mamb mindset but how did you develop
that and when did it start it started in
in middle school and high school because
a lot of the kids that I was playing
against were inner city kids yeah and so
you're looking at me as if okay this kid
is soft right he's from the suburbs of
Philadelphia his father played in NBA
played professionally he's got it easy
got it easy born on second you know all
this sort of stuff right and so they
felt like they could try to be physical
or try to intimidate me do all other
stuff which they couldn't right but now
I'm saying okay well you're trying to
attack me how am I going to attack you
how can I mentally figure out ways to
break break you down how can I show you
that no I have the edge right and so
that's when it first started for me is
figuring out how to get the upper hand
on an opponent that way and what would
you do to mentally break people down
then well I mean you know like uh we
used to have an All-American camp that I
used to go to and you know at the time
when I first showed I was a sophomore
and um one of the things I would do is
while everybody would be at the
cafeteria work you know eating and doing
this other stuff I just go back to the
gym I just go back to the just they' be
resting they and they'd see me leave
right but now you're in a tough position
CU you're like okay I want to be like
I'm following the kid to go work out but
I know he's working he's up early and
he's doing all the sort of stuff and so
that was my way of show of showing them
yeah maybe from the suburbs but you're
not going to outwork me wow and I'm
mentally going to did someone teach you
that was that just a thing that you
decided like I'm going to get in
people's
minds um I think it's just it's just
figuring out ways to to to be better and
and to win the game and it started as a
defense mechanism because you know they
were the ones talking trash to me and
you know kid from Italy blah blah blah
and all sort of stuff and it was like
okay I got to I can't let them I got to
defend myself here right then it became
okay you know I'm I'm I'm pretty witty I
can say some pretty witty
things Italian
Italian it's interesting you know I
never I never was physically gifted to
uh an extreme level I was always really
good but I was never like the fastest or
biggest or strongest but I remember my
Edge was I'm not going to go party and
I'm not going to drink alcohol right so
I've never been drunk still cuz I was
like I need every Edge when guys were
out partying late at night who were
better than me and drinking and showing
up hung over I was like I'm going to be
more focused and have Clear Vision and
um but I wasn't w up at 4 a.m. like you
so well that's that's interesting
because like when I when I played um one
of the things I had to learn is how to
get the best out of my teammates yeah
and most people think it's a simple
thing you know pass them the ball you
know but that's not how you make guys
better you have to really affect their
behavior how do you do that so yeah know
like I would tell guys you know you got
to back to backs you know I don't care
if we're in Miami I don't care if we're
in great City or Chicago you can't go
out we got to get rest right back to
back G back to back games right Monday
Tuesday play Monday and play again
Tuesday guys AR going to listen right
you you know so few times say all right
we'll all go out we go out together
really I'll drink with you right but the
next morning I'm banging on your door at
5: in the
morning let's go they're not getting
where we going I'll hung out with you
now you come hang out with me this is
what we do all right let's go and you're
at the gym we're working out right we
hit the bus we go to practice we play
that night and they're dead and they're
dead they're like lesson learned really
lesson learned take them out once listen
if you're going to do that do that but
don't let that compromise what we're
here to do this is why we're here this
is why you're here in the first place
yeah right and if we're going to win a
championship we have to have that
Championship mentality work ethic that's
it so you got to show them no coob can
do that and still has the energy to get
up and do this so either I got to meet
that same energy or I got to keep my
butt in my go to B early yeah wow what
are some other things you did to uh rise
the level of the your teammates what are
some other ways you can uh and what do
you think people can do in general with
the business team or any sports team I
think you have to you have to listen you
have to pay attention to to what your
colleagues or teammates are saying and
what are certain things that drive them
certain things that motivate them that
trigger them uh and uh one of my
favorite ones pal hates it every time I
tell the story he hates it he hates it
but we we lost to the Celtics in know8
and it was a physical series I mean they
beat the crap out of us yeah and so we
go into the Olympic year that year we
wound up playing Spain for the gold
medal match and we beat them uhhuh and
so now we come back to start training
camp and pal shows up first day of of
training camp I have my gold medal
hanging in his locker oh no and he I
mean like the one thing that he truly
truly loves is this country of course
that is like everything to him so it
just drove him crazy I said pal listen
he said
you're said listen pal you lost to the
Celtics you lost to us in a gold medal
match let's not make this three in a row
this year wow okay let's win this thing
now was that was it for him and he
probably stepped up at a whole another
level well he he you know pal was a
phenomenon to begin with and then for
him was just steeping up to a level of
physicality yeah that we needed him to
get to which he did and we went on to
win back to back
championships my man how important is
understanding human psychology and human
behavior to work with a team as a suppos
you just relying on your gifts and
talents it's uh it's probably the most
important thing you know when you're in
in this culture in our society you can
do some phenomenal things individually
um but they'll never reach their full
potential unless you do them
collectively and you have to figure out
how to do that and you know Phil Jackson
was great at that Phil uh you know he
wouldn't just coach the team or coach
the game but he'd read everything about
every single player you learned about
your history how you grew up um how you
were raised where were where were you
raised you know he'll read every
interview and he'll learn about you and
gives him a better understanding of
what's motivating you or what your
insecurities are right and then it just
helps him communicate with you better or
even push a button here if he needs to
when did you learn that it was important
to understand who your teammates are
what their likes or dislikes are was
that in high school for you or more no
it was I learned it from Phil there
there was a stretch um in
03 uh where Shaq was out with an injury
and Phil called me up to his office and
said okay we need you to really turn on
the afterburners and start scoring the
ball if we have to win so I did and I
wind up scoring I think it was nine
straight games 40 plus points nine
straight nine straight games and then
Shaq comes back SEC second to last game
of that and then Phil calls me up to his
offense and says Co okay I need you to
dial it back
I'm like why like we're winning I don't
understand is because our goal is to win
a championship and we can get through
the western conference with you playing
this way but in the East you know we can
dominate them inside with sha and the
post but if you continue to do this
we'll lose Shaq we'll lose him his
motivation his excitement what triggers
him right so I need you to pull back so
we can pull Shaq forward for June wow
and I'm I just looked at him like
this one smart dude wow really smart one
smart dude man so I pulled pulled it
back wow yeah what do you think what's
been uh the greatest challenge you've
had since leaving the
game the greatest challenge
um I think it's you know you want an
Oscar you're you're launching podcasts
and shows and you got a book coming out
yeah but it's it's uh it's different
though like you know um we were just
talking about it here in the office the
other day um you know when you play the
game MH you hit a game with a shot you
miss a shot the reaction is there you
can see how people responding to it
right you can feel it the energy is the
energy is there what I do now you don't
like I don't see how people are affected
by dear basketball or you know creating
the punies and you put it out there like
I wish I could see a car ride of a
family the first time their daughter
hears Lily's lemonade and what she's
doing you know she's singing along to it
that's not there right so that's the the
challenge that's the one thing that I
miss is being able to feed off of the
energy the instant feedback you get from
Shoot missing or scoring a shot winning
a losing a game it's like either way
you're getting a a result right yes yes
yes that's the one thing and and when I
went to because I spent a lot of time
with mentors as well up at Pixar and
Disney Studios it' been absolutely
wonderful animation Disney animation and
I talk to them about Frozen and Moana
and how our kids love them and they're
always like oh that's awesome and they
want to hear because they don't ever get
a chance to truly see it like they
they're not sit in the movie theater
like no no and they don't have time to
go to Disneyland and walk around the
park and see how many families are
enjoying the content that they've
created because they're busy making the
next one creating yes yes so that that's
the one thing what do you think the
biggest challenge is for most athletes
after they retire I think it's the fear
of of starting a new and that was was
certainly uh present for me as well
really yeah identity you mean or well
it's it's starting from scratch right
because when you when you play for 20
years I play for 20 years you reach a
certain level you're like okay wait a
minute I have to start again at the base
of a mountain and try to climb the top
of this mountain first of all what
mountain am I climbing I don't even know
like what the hell am I going to be
doing and it be it's very it's very
scary it's very scary even for you oh
absolutely absolutely and the thing that
helped me actually was hurting my ailles
because that forced me to sit there and
say okay the day could be today that
your career is over at any time when you
were playing I mean yeah now what do you
do you have these ideas about doing
something with your life after
basketball but what if today is the day
that you that's it now what do you do so
I had all this time sitting there with
my Achilles injury and contemplating and
thinking and I said I better get to
work wow that was that what was the
vision for you afterwards then was it to
do what you're doing now or did you have
other ideas or what is what's the vision
for I struggled with it at first cuz the
first question I asked which is the
wrong question is what's the biggest
industry I can get into was it more
money thinking or money thinking saying
okay athletes are saying you can't make
more Revenue when you retire this is
your source of your income is here
saying okay that's a challenge what can
I do and I remember going for didn't you
launch a fund or something I did I did
and so I started I went for a ride and I
said okay stop thinking of it that way
you're thinking of it the wrong way why
did you start playing basketball because
I loved it right what do you love to do
oh I love to tell stories all right
let's do that and then that's where it
started for me and um and then on top of
that it became things like you know you
started learning more about the
financial industry and about players
going broke once they retire and saying
okay how can I um how can I minimize the
chances of that happening where are
things that I can do um to invest my
money smartly also help control some of
that outcome to a certain extent right
and that's when I called Mike repoli who
Mike repole was a entrepreneur who built
Vitamin Water Pirates Booty and some
other companies and started learning
from them and then from that came the
opportunity to invest in body armor yeah
and uh which yeah which we're drinking
now
delicious um but all that came from the
injury and really having to self asset
and uh you know face that that really
dark room of what comes next
storytelling is something you're really
passionate about what's a
story uh over your life that's been a a
constant theme that you go back to is
there something you heard as a kid that
you that really resonates with you or a
book or a movie that just feels like
this is me yeah that's funny um movies
there are plenty but there's a quote
from one of my English teachers at La
Maran named uh Mr Fisk
he had a great quote that said rest at
the end not in the
middle and that's something I always
live by you know I'm not going to rest
I'm going to keep on pushing now there a
lot of answers that I don't have even
questions that I don't have but I'm just
going to keep going just going to keep
going and I'll figure these things out
as we go right and you just continue to
build that way so that I try to live by
that all the time rest at the end rest
at the end what's the question that eats
you alive the most that you haven't
answered yet
the question that eats me alive that I
haven't answered yet that you're still
looking for the answer I'm still looking
for the answer uh how to tell a good
story I don't think I don't think
anybody has that answer you know like
when when I sat down uh to write de
basketball I was like okay what do I
want to
say and um you know you have certain
acts and how you can structure certain
things right the es and flows of
story uh certain formul that have been
there since the beginning of time but
it's such an in that an exact sign so
challenging yeah right and so that one
question is really interesting why do
you want to tell a great story I think
stories is what moves the world whether
it's an inspirational story it's an
informational one nothing in this world
moves without storym you know be in from
the political world Sports World nothing
that we have moves without story um and
so I think that is the root of
everything and if we're going to try to
make the world a better
place story is the right place to start
but most people understand like my my
last year people would come up to me and
say okay what are you going to do I said
I'm going to be a Storyteller really and
they go like what are you talking about
all right man so so what like what's
going to happen when you retire is
you're going to go through like a week
of
depression then the second week is going
to be like denial and all I'm like dude
seriously I'm good
so after a while I just got sick of it
and I just just said I don't know I
don't I'll go play golf or something
right just tell them a why I'm not going
to do anything real estate whatever I'm
not going to do anything I'm just going
to sit around what does losing feel like
to you uh it's
exciting why is it
exciting um because it means you have
different um ways to get better there's
certain things that you can figure out
that you can take advantage of right
certain weaknesses that were exposed um
that you need to shore up right so it
was exciting I mean sucks to lose right
but at the same time there are answers
there if you just look at them um
because you get the information from
losing more than from winning probably
yeah yeah I mean the answers are there
when you win too you just have to look
at them yeah right so it's a constant
process it's exciting when you win it's
exciting when you lose because the
process should be exactly the same
whether you win or you lose is you go
back and you look and you find things
that you could have done better you find
things that you done well that worked
figure out how did they work why did
they work how can you make them work
again yeah and but the hardest thing is
to face that stuff um that's a really
really tough challenge you mean face it
you mean look yourself in the mirror and
say okay this is how I showed up or this
is what happened and I give you an
example so Katie L Samson is one of the
best college basketball players in the
country she plays at Yukon she's going
to be a senior right now right now yeah
and uh she's from Huntington Beach out
here by us and so she comes down and she
work works with some of my my girls on
the team and she helps coach and and uh
they just had a really tough season last
year where they lost to Notre Dame in
the final that's right really tough
first loss in like first L years right
and so I asked her I said have you
watched the Notre Dame game she was like
no well why not said I don't want to
watch that I said I know you don't but
you're going to play Notre Dame this
year yeah yeah there's the chances you
see him again in the final well you
probably see me again I said well you
can't show up and play them without
knowing why you lost that one right so
you know the mistakes that you've made
in that game you have to do the hard
stuff and watch that game and study that
game to not make those mistakes over and
over again just because you weren't
brave enough to face it so she came down
to the office I brought down in the
office and we sat down we watched that
game together wow right and you got
to you got to deal with it got to deal
with it face it learn from it wow it
must have been cringing for her to just
be like oh we playing like we could have
won
that's exactly it isn't it I just did
that one thing I didn't get that foul if
I scored that layup that's exactly right
you're looking at say oh there's the
mismatch
oh there's the Gap you know and all
those little things and it sucks but but
you don't want to have that feeling
again do you right so you got to really
study it face it and uh not to say
you'll win the next time you f but at
least you you'll give yourself a better
a better chance yeah and did you what
was your uh routine and ritual like
after every game would you watch almost
every game over or certain games all of
them every game you watch every game the
whole game the whole game yeah so it
started with me when I was a um when
Phil Jackson's his first year here with
the Lakers one of assisant coaches his
name was Tex winter and I call him Yoda
I mean he was like 82 when he got here
wow and uh he was responsible for
teaching me the triangle offense how old
were you then I was 21 so three years
four years in the league yeah so my
about my fourth year in the league okay
and so uh I I go up to his room and this
is when there there were no iPads or
anything like that right so when you're
on the road yeah you have to call down
to the front des and have to bring up
the TV with the whole you know the rolly
thing in the VHS and the cassette tape
you pop it in and I thought we were
going to watch what we call touches so
watch all your touches when you have the
ball all the decisions you make good
ones and bad no we're watching the start
of the game oh my gosh to the end of the
game and not like not like the TV feed
watching the in Arena feed the layup
line the timeouts oh my gosh yeah
rewinding stopping fast forward
rewinding slow motion every little thing
every game of that
season with the 82y old Yoda oh my gosh
who is as brutally honest as you can
get what did that teach you that season
no it taught me to look at
detail right look at things things at
their smallest
right look at body language you know um
um look at the energy between players
our team and the other team wow right
look at the tactics you know look at the
overall strategy and they look at how
tactically things are manifesting
themselves and because I watched so much
film then it gave me the ability to see
game in real time as if I was watching
film wow where I can see because a lot
of times the game starts moving really
fast but if you train yourself to watch
hours and hours of film the game's not
moving that fast anymore you can really
recognize who's doing what and why then
you can position guys in the right
places in real
time seeing it before it happens yes
yeah we you know in football we'd watch
it once a week game film but not you
know after every game it was only one
game a week you got like three three a
weeks sometimes yeah you got to you got
to go and I know and I know Tom Brady's
obsessive over game him as well I mean
watching his show uh that came out
tomber the time was all about him just
in there studying mhm even months after
the gain he's studying to prepare right
it's just like he's OB and that's that's
one of the keys you think it's like if
you're not watching film whether it be
as a speaker on stage or a performer a
musician if you're not watching yourself
back you got to learn man I mean
Beyonce's same the same thing really
after her performance she's immediately
on her laptop rewatching the performance
no way yes seeing how to do things
better what could we have done
differently right I mean it's just it's
it's a it's an
obsessiveness that comes along with it
you want things to be as perfect as they
can be understanding that nothing is
ever perfect but the challenge is try to
get them as perfect as they can be and
what can you do it's in your control so
control what you can I can watch film
all day long it's going to help me get
better yes yes now did you have your
teammates also follow on the
obsessiveness that you had as well or
did you just encourage them or what was
the no you can't push somebody to do
that right but what you can do is is
Alter behavior and also change the
vernacular of how they speak about the
game so on team buses team planes in a
locker room after practice I would look
at the film I'd pull pal Lamar defish
pull them aside and say let's look at
this right we probably should have done
this that and the other so you'll show
them the game from a little bit here and
there and then you speak to them in in
executional terms it's never come on
guys we can do better come on guys we
can do better better that's rah rah
stuff right a leader must give very
tactical you know uh things that we can
do adjustments okay the defense is doing
this that and the other that means we
should probably do this this this and
the other by Midway through the season
through that behavior you start seeing
them communicating the same way back to
you right and it's like okay Co they're
doing this that and the other to you
maybe we should do this and like okay
yeah awesome great let's do it yeah yeah
what about um season 16 17 18 are you
still watching every game film as
obsessively as the first 10 years not
not now no well when I was playing when
you were playing yeah so when I was
playing what I would do is is um study
the film but study our younger
players and see what areas do they need
to develop in and how can I help them
develop I mean that that was the big
challenge As you move from you know um
being the single dominant player to
understanding okay I have to help these
other guys how do I lift everyone else
up it's tough what I mean you were so
dominant your whole career one of the
greatest of all time was there a
weakness that you had or did you CU
obviously you're always trying to master
your weaknesses so they became strengths
but did you at the end or towards the
end did you ever feel like gosh I still
haven't like mastered this one part of
the game the challenge for me was always
um compassion and empathy cuz you're
like guys let's go get results shut up
don't complain right I don't want to
hear your whining I don't want to hear
it don't tell excuses don't tell me I
rough the water just bring the boat in
you know like I don't I don't want to
hear it you know and it's uh it's
understanding like okay these guys have
lives outside of here they have other
things happening have other things
happening to them that may be affecting
the way that they're practicing or the
way that they're performing right and it
was hard for me to understand that cu no
nothing bothered me you know anything
personally never phased me when I
compartmentalized it very well so I
couldn't understand how my teammates
couldn't do that either uh until I you
know so I had to really work on that
aspect of it that's hard so do you feel
like you never really had the compassion
you wish you would have had like until
the last maybe couple years yeah so I
think about 09 things started changing
for me I started really uh making a
conscious effort to better understand
and that doesn't mean you have
compassion and empathy so you go softer
on them it's more like you you put you
put yourself to the side and you put
yourself in their shoes and understand
what they're feeling and then you have
to make certain decisions of okay what
buttons do I need to push for this
player to get them to the next level so
it's never it's not sit around and all
it's all happy gol lucky type of thing
your leader your job is to get the best
out of them um even if you know they may
not like it at that time yeah wow what
are you most proud of from your 20
Seasons
um honestly was sounds
um may sound a little shallow but I got
to say beating the Celtics in game
seven um that's what I'm most proud of
because it was it was the
hardest um you know they playing with
ran Rondo Paul Pierce Kevin Garnett
allar Ray Allen and you know it was
myself pal and the players that other
teams didn't want and you know how do we
figure out as a group what to do and the
reason why I love that Series so much is
that we went down three games to two
against Boston and now you got two games
coming home I remember sitting in the
locker room and they beat the crap out
of us too that game so we're sitting in
the locker room and it's really really
quiet I'm sitting there looking around
and we just lost to Celtics in '08 so
this is like Revenge right and they're
kicking our butt again right so I sit
around I just started laughing I started
laughing and then I remember uh Derrik
fiser looked at me like and Lamar looked
at me he goes what what is funny said
dude they beat the
crap they just beat the crap up and said
I'm missing the part where that's funny
I said man listen if we start this
season and they say you know all you
have to do is win two games at home in
your NBA champ would you take
that yeah and like right that's all we
got to do yeah go home win two we're NBA
champions all we got to do is win two G
two games in a row that's it we'll take
care of the first game and I promise you
they're not winning game seven on our
home floor it's not happening so we all
just laughed about it and then we went
out and we figured it out but that game
seven was we're down 15 points in the
fourth quarter right and that's when you
have to collectively look at each other
and say you know the spirit of your team
must be good because at that moment is
when teams fracture if the energy
amongst each other isn't there that
trust isn't there you're done and we
were able to collectively dig deep
together and say all right we're going
to figure fig this thing out wow and I
wasn't playing well I wasn't shooting
the ball well at all um and so my
teammates picked you up and they
delivered yes yeah
wow gosh man I want to be respectful
your time I know we've got only probably
like 5 to seven minutes left
um I saw on Instagram that you're up at
like 4:00 a.m. lifting by yourself in
the dark and again you've had in one of
the most incredible careers arguably of
all time uh you know made all the money
in the world got a freaking Oscar now
you've got all these other things
happening and yet you're still waking up
or at least you're in the gym at 4:00
a.m. working out and you just turned 40
right which Congratulations by the way I
hope I look as good as you um why still
wake up that early and train at this
level in your life right now well I mean
there there's several factors for that
like when I first retired let myself go
a little bit really you got a little oh
yeah oh yeah was
awesome oh man I'm eating What In and
Out bring it to me let's go steak oh
let's go right milkshakes do it let's do
it and then the challenge was okay can I
get back in shape and it's it's really
hard because there's no end goal there's
there's no season there's no so how do
you motivate yourself to do it do how do
you and so for me it was like okay I
have to I have to aim for something so I
said I want to aim for size I want to
aim for bulk right so that's a I thing
I'm going to go for that right but then
also it's you know my children cuz like
you know your kids can't see how hard
you work you go to the office I come in
the studio they don't really see the
effort right so how can we teach our
children what it means to work hard well
you do it through training right so when
I get up in the morning my daughter goes
with me 4 a.m. 4 a.m. my 15-year-old
goes with me she goes with me before
school and it becomes a daddy daughter
thing that's cool she just got her
permit right so she drives in the
morning it becomes a cool thing right
but through that process she understands
the value of hard work and things taking
time and the same thing with my
12-year-old right she practices every
day right and so it's through those
behaviors uh um is where I find the
motivation to do it and what brings you
the most Joy right now being with my
family really that is man that is the
most fun it's just um you know it's uh
hanging out with them all summer uh
being able to to like do things that I
or couldn't do yeah cuz of training cuz
of season stuff like that so being
around them and watching Bianca grow up
because there a lot of things that I
miss with Natalia and Giana because I
was playing so being there every day
with them is so much fun man so it
brings me the most Joy that's amazing
and what is what does love feel like for
you what does love feel
like happiness is such
a I don't really
think I would describe love as happiness
I think I describe it as a beautiful
Journey um you know it has its ups and
downs right whether it's in marriage or
whether it's in the career you know
things are never perfect yeah but
through love you continue to persevere
and you move through them you move
through them and then through that storm
beautiful sun emerges yeah right
inevitably another storm comes and guess
what you ride that one out too yeah so I
think love is a certain
determination and persistence to go
through the good times and the bad times
with the someone or
something uh that you truly
love um you've got a new podcast out
right now called the punies which I
started listening to I've listened to
the first two episodes it's incredible
they're like 13 to 15 minute um
episodic uh storytelling you know
cartoons I guess yes for kids and the
thing I love about it the most is it's
it's funny it's entertaining uh there's
original music there's all these
different characters you're teaching
history like in a fun way which I like
the last one where it's like you know we
we talk about history so we don't repeat
it right in our own lives and then you
teach a lessons about overcoming failure
for kids and insecurities and challenges
we're facing and I think it's beautiful
can you talk about the punies in the
podcast and what it's all about yeah so
the punies um came to me from you know
we have our family tradition where we
watch um the sand lot every fourth of
July God it's the greatest movie
greatest come on so like that's our
family ritual every 4th of July Sandlot
Sandlot right and so after watching The
Sandlot movie I was like we need a new
sports movie like this right so I
started kind of concepting ideas and
stuff but nothing I truly loved and then
uh over Thanksgiving our other rituals
to watch Charlie Brown uhhuh right the
pumpkin patch so we watch that and then
I
go whoa wait a minute let's just put
those together put those together right
and I already had written some stories
individual stories for puny Pete and uh
and BB so I characters two the
characters in The punies and I said well
let's combine those let's let's and then
from that that's when the punies started
coming to fruition and I started
thinking about the characters and you
know why does this show need to ex exist
and where are some of the deeper
messages that can be there that
consciously you may not observe but but
you can sense and feel and that's when I
started constructing the show and are
you part of the whole process are you
helping write the script are you helping
so we have a great uh um U young
producer here who actually started here
three years ago while he was still at SC
uh and since grown into a position
school yeah greatest film school and so
um he and I work together hand inand on
outlining every sing single episode so
we outlined each episode the story beats
and then we found a great writer named
John holler he's a great writer and so
we gave him the outline and he just made
it a thousand times better wow um and
then I just I directed each episode and
you oversee it all you you you yeah I
directed it so um you know the other
challenge was finding great actors voice
acting is a different skill yes it's a
it's a challenging art form I mean you
really have to be able to communicate a
lot just through your voice and energy
with your voice yeah and so the trick
was finding actors that have not lost
that childlike quality right they can
still imagine themselves being children
being at the park and playing right and
once we found them they really brought
the characters to life and now here we
are with the punies man it's amazing I
want you guys to go download it right
now subscribe it's the punies on Apple
podcast or Spotify and every anywhere
podcasts are at I'm telling you guys
there's a lot of parents who listen to
this show
download this listen to it in your car
and do me a favor take a video of your
kids in the car and send it to me um
send it to or tag me on Instagram tag
Kobe on Instagram Kobe BR pleas that
would be amazing because that's what's
going to give you great feedback oh gosh
that would be amazing seeing how kids
react so put your phone again don't
don't film and drive do it when have
someone else filming it right um but
make sure or put it on a GoPro and just
press record it's about 15 minutes long
take your kids school it take to the
park too like on Sat we made them on
Saturdays like every Saturday it's a new
episode because Saturday is normally the
day us parents drive our kids to
different sporting events to the pool
the games the park yes that's why every
episode has to be between 12 to you know
15 16 minutes right cuz that's normally
the drive yeah right sometimes it may be
longer and in that case you can play
multiple episodes but that's something
you can listen to on your way to an
event it's like many Frozen and Moana
episodes right it's like little with
original music and all that stuff it's
really cool go download it again take a
video and tag Kobe uh on Instagram are
you on Instagram a lot yourself I am on
Instagram yeah tag him especially Lil
lemonade listen to Lily's lemonade and I
would love to see kids out there trying
to trying to do the Lily lemonade song
love it hopefully we'll get a bunch of
video clips for you uh and your book is
out in October it's called Mamba mindset
do you want to talk briefly about that
well the mentality book is is really
about um process and craft I've broken a
book up into two sections and process is
really about the process of preparing M
you know through injury recovery uh
studying of the game and then the craft
is the actual performance and the
tactics and so a lot of things that I
learned uh through the game were through
photos you can look at a photo and see
like a player making a move look at the
angle of his feet look how he's using
his hands on defense and I can really
break down things to the smallest detail
through that and that's what you'll see
in this book I mean it's really a
basketball Bible yeah M but it's also
your mindset Bible right yeah yeah well
you'll see how I break things down like
how I'm looking at things to the
smallest of detail yeah and uh that's
the best way to understand how to have
that kind of mentality is to ask
questions then find answers and then
that lead to more questions and you find
more answers and that's what the book is
I love it make sure you guys get the
book you can pre-order right now
download the punies um follow you on
social media the final question is
what's your definition of
greatness um I think the definition of
greatness is to inspire the people next
to you yeah I I think that's what
greatness is or should be it's it's not
something that's that that lives and
dies with one person is how can you
inspire a person to then in turn Inspire
another person that then inspires
another person and that's how you create
something that I think lasts forever and
uh I think that's our challenge as
people is to um is to figure out how our
story can impact others and motivate
them in a way to create their own
greatness well I want to acknowledge you
again man for the inspiration you're
you're just a symbol of Truth and
inspiration to so many people thanks man
and um I just appreciate you as a human
so thanks man apprciate it
brother thank you so much for watching
this interview of Kobe Bryant again he
brought such a mentality to the game of
basketball but also he brought so much
love to life and it's so incredible to
see the stories to hear the lessons of
people who have been impacted by Kobe
Bryant I got to meet Kobe Once We
messaged a few times on social media but
I didn't know him like most people
however I got to experience him before
and after this interview in a way that I
found really inspiring and uplifting
I've done over, 1500 episodes on the
school of greatness and you meet a lot
of different people people from all
walks of life people who have lots of
money lots of Fame and success and
sometimes people don't treat treat you
the same way that Kobe does and my
experience was profound and the way that
he was so busy the entire day he had
interview after interview all day but he
wanted to really take the time and ask
me questions what I'm going to do is
share some bonus footage about 5 minutes
of neverbe seen video of Kobe
interacting with me before and after
this interview we were able to restore
this video we were able to get the audio
the audio was never able to be used
during the original interview but with
AI we were able to capture more of the
audio and that's why I wanted to share
it with you today in this video now
before I share this bonus content which
for me was just really inspiring to
watch and rewatch I'm going to share
with you what that is and my reaction to
it I just wanted to share a few lessons
that I learned from my experience in
this interview with Kobe and just my
experience with him during that time
again I didn't know him well
um but I do know people that did know
him well and they all spoke so highly of
him and continue to speak about him and
his legacy and such a high regard today
but one of the things from this
interview that really stood out to me is
about inspiring the people next to you
is how you create something that lasts
forever and again Kobe inspired me in
that moment and that has been lasting
for years after his passing and so many
people around the world
it's about the value you add to each
individual that's what it's really about
he also talked about the power of
unconditional love is giving you the
permission to fail I love the story with
his father where he said you know my
father said whether I score all the
points or no points I'm going to love
you no matter what and I just think
that's so powerful in today's world
there's so much pressure on people to
perform to get results and deliver
especially parents with their kids and
to hear that he had that type of
relationship with his father and he felt
loved no matter whether he won or lost
it gave him permission to fail he talked
about the power of the fundamentals and
how it's important to rest at the end
putting in the time and effort to train
always coming back to the fundamentals
and working on them every single day now
Kobe wasn't a champion overnight he
spent years decades honing his craft
until he became a champion of the world
and he worked on the fundamentals and
sometimes we get busy trying to find the
latest hack or trick to optimize us
quicker than we need to get somewhere
when really the more we focus on the F
fundamentals over and over again the
faster we will go in life he talked
about losing being exciting now here's
Kobe Bryant one of the greatest NBA
players of all time one of the greatest
athletes of all time talking about
losing being exciting and whenever I saw
him lose it didn't seem like he was
having a lot of fun but inside he was
learning he was developing he was
analyzing and assessing what could I
have done differently to prepare to win
better the next time and when you make
losing
exciting it doesn't discourage you to
try and give your best effort you're
able to fully commit to the thing that
you love and you're passionate about
whether you win or lose and the more you
fully commit the more likely you will
succeed and win in that process I really
loved that he talked about storytelling
I just thought this was fascinating that
Kobe Bryant is talking about
storytelling he said this is the way we
change the world he said in the
interview that nothing moves without
story he was working on this with dear
basketball and his book
and the punies podcast which is what we
were interviewing him for in this
episode and he was always talking about
how to inspire someone through story and
that's how you change the world I just
thought this is so cool that this
basketball player was much more than an
athlete he was a Storyteller on and off
the court and one of the things that I
really enjoyed the most from this
interview was him talking about family
him talking about love and I think this
is why this interview has resonated with
so many people over the last few years
that it's been out is really him opening
up about family love relationships in a
way that people never really heard him
speak about that topic he talked about
love whether it's for a person for a
career or for a sport he says that
things are never perfect but it's the
ability to persevere through the ups and
downs that matter the most and that
spending time with his family brings him
the most joy and for me at this season
of my life it reminds me about what's
really important and I don't have
children yet but it makes me want to
have children faster to create that
experience that love that joy and um I'm
just it just was so inspiring for me to
witness this now those were just a few
of the many lessons there was an
incredible story that actually happened
before the interview that I'll that I'll
share in the future sometime but I
wanted to get to the the bonus footage
now again the reason reason this content
wasn't out there originally is because
it was broken audio it was kind of
messed up and we weren't able to restore
it but I said let's go back now that AI
has been really leading the way over the
last 6 months I said let's see if we can
actually restore this footage let's see
if we can capture it if we can edit it
if we can make it so that we can hear it
now the audio wasn't originally working
so you'll see Tiffany who was working on
the audio at a certain point in this
video because we weren't able to get the
mics to work so we are picking it up
from the camera from a distance but we
couldn't really hear it before and now
with AI it's able to pick it up pretty
well we also added subtitles here so I
want to play a video uh right when I sat
down with Kobe there was a couple
minutes of us talking that we had a
beautiful moment sharing some stories
but then we started to record and this
is what you're going to see right before
we go into this full interview so here
are the first 4 minutes of neverbe seen
footage and experience of just
connecting with him and I'm going to
react to this video because um you're
going to see again like I said before a
lot of people on a on a big level who've
succeeded like Kobe don't act the way he
does in this video so I want to play
this I'm going to pause it I'm going to
react at a few different times but I
just thought it was really cool so let's
watch this bonus footage together right
now so this is called the school of
greatness we we interview the world's
greatest leaders in business Sports y I
was a former um professional football
player and transition into business and
I play with the USA national uh handball
team I don't know if you know team
handball yeah I do so I played with the
USA team we haven't qualified for the
Olympics since 96 so we've still been
it's kind of a side hobby um which I
haven't played in a while but um and I
know you're legendary for your Olympics
and how much you can give to the other
athletes there it's really cool to hear
that stories um you grew up playing
handball handball is big in Italy big in
in Europe huge in Europe massive so
handball was like a part of our daily
routine so in gym class we played
handball right it was a big it's a big
thing man you go to handball
professional handball games man those
things so oh 20,000 people it's like a
soccer game indoors yeah Spain Germany
they're all big Sports um is there
anything um any questions you have for
me before we start now this is
interesting because usually when you're
sitting down for an interview and you're
starting to connect with someone across
the other side of the table with you or
you know wherever you are I'll ask these
same
questions um and most people just say no
I'm good to go let's get started but
Kobe starts engaging with me so I ask
them do you have any questions for me
it's what I ask everyone most people say
no I'm good let's go because they want
to get into the interview they want to
talk about themselves but this is what I
thought was cool right here well I mean
just the transition I that's always
tough for athletes right yeah to make
that transition so it's always important
for us to learn from each other and how
you made the transition because there's
some some cases out there that are
popular as so Michael straight hand so
guys who been
able a lot of guys don't
right was it 9% go broke years yeah not
go not only go bro financially but bro
emotionally
spiritually yeah
curious um
again Kobe's asking me a question he's
asking me about my transition from
Sports into life he's giving examples he
asked two questions here he's he's
diving in and asking me questions when
he's only supposed to give me 20 minutes
for this interview again his team is
telling me you've got 20 minutes there
are only so many things that you can't
talk about that you can talk about other
people are setting up production in
another side of the office he's back to
backto back interviews promoting uh a
podcast called the punies all day he is
I'm the first one to go for that day and
he is stacked for the rest of the day
and they're like you've got 20 minutes
and he's already giving me time because
he's being gracious because our audio
wasn't able to get sorted out for
whatever reason the audio wasn't working
even though we tested it right before so
he's being gracious he's he's being
present with me he's being connected
he's not getting frustrated or angry or
rushing this process he's not saying hey
you don't have this figured out when
there were some big Productions setting
up just 20 30 ft away uh we were trying
to figure it out and get things set up
on remote location at his Studios again
you see this is his office you see the
famous black mamba painting right above
there which I thought was pretty cool
just representing him well but he's
asking me questions most people didn't
ask me questions this was five years ago
my show wasn't as big I wasn't as well
known I didn't have the audience the
size that I had now but he is engaging
with me and ask asking me questions
again you hear the audio is a little bit
off here because we had to re reclaim it
from Ai and try to optimize it but
you'll see the subtitles but he's asking
me questions he's interested in me he's
ganged with me telling about growing up
playing handball in Italy watching
handball he's he's relating to me where
most people just want to talk them about
themselves and I just thought what a
classy move what a classy guy to really
he doesn't know me he has no clue who I
am or what I'm up to but what a classy
guy to give that time to give me the
energy and the thought process to ask me
what's going on with you what's how did
you transition and again I wasn't I
wasn't a huge pro athlete I didn't make
millions of dollars I was making $250 a
week playing Arena Football so I wasn't
like some big athlete that was hard for
me to transition it was like I was just
a younger athlete trying to figure it
out I didn't have his credibility as an
athlete either but he was still curious
how did you do it how did did you
overcome that and I'm just like I
thought this is fascinating I was on my
sister's couch for a year and a half
after football I got injured I broke my
wrist I was in a full armed cast from
here to here for 6 months took the B my
in there but I was making I was playing
Arena Football so I didn't make the NFL
was all my way up and I was only making
250 a week so I was just playing a love
the game and you know to get paid a
little bit JY and it wasn't until
about 68 months in when I started really
reaching out to mentors I said okay okay
I need to learn the sport of life cuz
all I knew was Sports I didn't do well
in school I struggled um you know all
throughout of school took me seven years
to graduate college it just took a while
so I said how can I recreate my life at
was Sport and so I started to reaching
out I was like I need great coaches
right I need to structure my days like
an athlete and so I just have everything
detailed out on a schedule I get very
clear what my seasonal goal is and I
just reverse engineer just like an
athlete you know in football we would
get together the first day of um now
when I'm watching this batch I'm kind of
like man I'm speaking too much I need to
be asking him questions I'm watching
myself I'm like why am I speaking why am
I telling my story in front of Kobe
Bryant when I only have 20 minutes with
him I should be asking him questions but
that was the thing like when I'm
watching this back you can see his eye
contact with me you see his energy he's
present with me he's relaxed he was calm
again this is the the first time he met
me a few minutes before this and he had
a busiest schedule he just won the Oscar
uh a few months prior to this 5 NBA
championships I mean he was a machine he
was a he was crushing it in all areas of
life he was thriving in every area and
here he is focused present connected
engaging curious asking questions to me
and I'm just like not a lot of people at
this level do this and you leave a mark
on People based on
essentially something that lasts forever
something that they can remember that
will last forever that was one of the
messages he had in this interview the
power of the fundamentals he's just
being an engaging human being when he
really doesn't have that much to gain
from this interaction with me and again
I feel like bad because I'm just
rambling here telling my story but I'm
also knowing that our audio isn't set up
yet so I'm trying to you know extend my
time a little bit because we we don't
have the audio ready for us to start the
episode but he's being nice and I'm just
like okay how can I make this happen but
let's see what else I say in a locker
room in it and the coach would say
what's our goal for the season let's
figure it out put it up on the cha for
okay let's break it out weekly then
daily and then positions and and that's
just what I do now the end of the movies
you edit every record that's it that's
it that's brilliant most athlet can't do
that though hard trans which took me a
couple years he's still he's just still
adding to the conversation Mo most
athletes don't do that he's not saying
okay you ready to go yet let's hurry up
he he's not doing that he's just being
present being in the moment being
engaged you know going with the flow to
really figure it out because I never
made money really before right and U
audio okay I never made money
before really I was 25 and I I wasn't an
entrepreneur but I had to really learn
how to add value to the world and how to
package it and sell it and sounds like
yeah but I didn't know how to know how
to nobody does that's the thing that's
the Fig
out teach yeah
exactly that's it that's it that's it
yeah and hope that when you get stuck in
quicksand there's somebody out there
that's BR exactly we exactly that's why
I think happen powerful mentors and
coaches with you along the way is what's
important can't do it alone can't do it
alone it certain a lot of people have
there F absolutely yeah that absolutely
and uh you my intention for this uh is
to make this the most inspiring
interview you've ever done just letting
you know my intention awesome to tell
your story in a beautiful powerful way
so that people are inspired to take
action on the podcasts you have to take
action on anything that you care and
also we sell a ton of books so I want to
mention your book cuz it's coming out
October right yeah which I think is
going to be a huge hit so I'm excited
for that so I want to kind of use this
to promote podcast the book and then
anything else that you're excited about
or happen awesome man do to go there um
audio is good all
right there you have it so that was kind
of the that was four minutes four a
little over four minutes before we just
sat down right before then just shook
his hand and said hey Kobe thanks so
much and let's sit down and um and that
was that interaction because we didn't
have the mic set up again we had like a
couple of cameras a couple of live mics
it was we usually did it at my apartment
uh but this was a couple hours away at
his studio so we brought you know our
equipment there we just didn't have it
all set up or there was a glitch but it
allowed me to have these extra moments
with him um before the interview and
also right after that you know I was
only supposed to do it for 20 minutes
and this interview went for 40 minutes
because Kobe was like you know what
let's keep talking let's keep going he
was so generous with his time with me
when his team was like hey you got to
cut it off but he was like you know it's
all good like I'm really having a great
conversation I love talking about this I
love talking about greatness and he is
the definition of greatness on how he
lived his life and and how he showed up
for his teammates and how he excelled in
so many different different areas and I
just thought that was really cool so
this other clip right here is a is a
shorter clip uh it's right when the
episode ends I want to show you kind of
the behind the scenes afterward which
again I just felt like was so cool to
watch looking back at it now recovering
this foot
because I've done over, 1500 episodes
I've met a lot of interesting inspiring
successful people you learn a lot about
someone about how they treat you and the
team around you when there's nothing in
it for them so Watch What Happens here
amazing dude I wish I could interview
for like three hours so much good stuff
there thanks manks we'll just do a
couple quick photos and then get you
into because I know you got to run so
thank
you
dude that was amazing my Hest is going
to love this dude you f you're great man
I appreciate I appreciate
it again generous with his time we do
one standing up and then we'll of course
yeah of course get the mic off here I
love this photo now you got to run to
your next thing I love this photo with
the black mama in the background
awesome than you now watch
this the book when it comes out I'll do
a
app
you thank you so much great to meet you
that is cool that is cool right there
again A lot of times people finish and
then they're out of there Kobe went to
me give me a handshake give me a hug he
said hey man thanks so much and then he
went to the two people on my team and he
shook both their hands before leaving
and I just thought you may not think
that's a big deal but most people don't
do that most people at his level don't
do that and they don't treat everyone
the same way again he's telling a story
by doing that I'm still telling his
story I just spoke at a conference in
Mexico in front of almost 2,000 people
telling the story of my experience with
him before this interview and what I got
to witness which was so powerful and
just these little moments someone at
that level to treat someone look them in
the eyes ask them questions connect with
everyone around them it's just a really
special thing so so many powerful
lessons I'd love to hear your greatest
lesson from this interview in the
comments below leave a comment on how
Kobe inspired you the greatest impact he
had on You by watching him or being a
fan of his and again what was unexpected
for you any comment or inspiration that
you have let me know in the comments
below thank you so much for watching
this video for consuming this interview
and for watching this behind the scenes
com content which I just feel like was
so cool to experience as someone who is
interviewing him and um you know Kobe
continues to inspire and leave a legacy
for so many people around the world
through his story and the things that he
created and I'm just so grateful that I
got to have that experience to interview
him and I hope you gain something some
value from this interview in this
conversation as well I want to remind
you if no one has told you lately that
you are loved your are worthy and you
matter and make sure to go out there and
do something great I might be the
luckiest sker of all time that I got
that things clicked for me earlier than
they do for most other athletes I feel
like that's really important is you have
to you have to click with the equipment
you have you have to click with the
coaches you have people have to be on
the same page and the same mindset and
the same goals and for the first three
four years of my
career I had that